Example 2 - Plotting data files
===============================

About this example: Load a data file and make a simple plot
-----------------------------------------------------------

Our starting point is that there is no need for the user to know how the
raw data is structured in the different data files like bandedges.dat or
potential.fld.

Therefore, our goal is to achieve the most user-friendly way to load all
the information stored in any data file generated by nextnano products
(nextnano++, nextnanoÂ³, nextnano.NEGF or nextnano.MSB).

Note: Not all the data file formats are implemented yet. If you
encountered any issue, please contact python@nextnano.com

How to load a data file?
------------------------

The simplest way is to use a universal class, ``nextnanopy.DataFile``
for any data file, like the following case:

.. code:: python

   datafile = nextnanopy.DataFile(path_to_file, product = 'nextnano++')

This object contains all the relevant information of the data file: -
coordinates (or independent variables) like x, y, z, position -
variables (or dependent variables) like bandedges, electric field,
density of electrons, energy levels, etc - product (str): nextnano++,
nextnano3, nextnano.NEGF or nextnano.MSB

In the case shown above, ``datafile`` was created by specifying
``product = 'nextnano++'``. This helps the class to look for the best
loading routine for files generated by nextnano++. It will detect the
dimension of the simulation (1D, 2D, 3D) and the file format (.dat,
.fld, .txt), so it will choose the proper loading routine.

For example:

.. code:: python

   datafile_1d = nextnanopy.DataFile('bandedges_1d.dat', product = 'nextnano++') # 1D .dat file
   datafile_2d = nextnanopy.DataFile('bandedges_2d.fld', product = 'nextnano++') # 2D .fld file

In the case of ``bandedges_1d.dat``, there is one coordinate (x) and
there are several variables (gamma band, electron fermi level, hole
fermi level, etc). The structure in this file is a set of columns with a
tabulator as delimiter.

On the other hand, ``bandedges_2d.fld``, there are two coordinates (x
and y) and also with several variables. Moreover, the structure of the
raw data is organized in a totally different way than
``bandedges_1d.dat``.

The user-friendlyness relies on the fact that in spite of the
differences in the file formats, an unique class is used to load the
information: ``nextnanopy.Datafile``.

As a remark, you can omit the argument ``product``. In this case, it
will try to detect automatically the nextnano product (nextnano++,
nextnano3, nextnano.NEGF or nextnano.MSB), and then look for the best
loading routine. This can be dangerous since it is not garanteed that
the loaded data is correct. So, we recommend to always specify
``product``.

Example of a 1D nextnano++ simulation
-------------------------------------

.. code:: ipython3

    import nextnanopy as nn
    
    datafile_1d = nn.DataFile(r'..\..\tests\datafiles\nextnano++\bandedges_1d.dat',product='nextnano++')
    print(datafile_1d)


.. parsed-literal::

    DataFile
    fullpath: ..\\..\\tests\\datafiles\\nextnano++\\bandedges_1d.dat
    Coordinates: 1 datasets
    	name: x - unit: nm - shape: (548,) - dim: 0
    Variables: 4 datasets
    	name: Gamma - unit: eV - shape: (548,)
    	name: HH - unit: eV - shape: (548,)
    	name: electron_Fermi_level - unit: eV - shape: (548,)
    	name: hole_Fermi_level - unit: eV - shape: (548,)
    

How to access to the coordinates?
---------------------------------

You can access to the coordinates in ``datafile.coords``. It will return
a dictionary of ``Coord`` objects.

``Coord`` objects contains information about: - name (str) - value
(numpy.array) - unit (str) - dim (int) - label (str, optional) -
metadata (dict, if there is any)

Each information is an attribute. For example, if you want to get the
unit a coordinate:

.. code:: python

   datafile.coords['x'].unit

There are several methods to access to each coordinates

.. code:: python

   datafile.get_coord(name) # method 1 (recommended)
   datafile.coords[name] # method 2 (recommended)
   datafile[name] # method 3 (recommended)
   datafile.coords[index] # method 4

.. code:: ipython3

    print(f"List of coordinates in the current datafile")
    print(datafile_1d.coords)


.. parsed-literal::

    List of coordinates in the current datafile
    DictList([
    (index: 0 - key: 'x' - name: x - unit: nm - shape: (548,) - dim: 0)
    ])
    

.. code:: ipython3

    x = datafile_1d.coords['x']
    print(f"coord 'x' - name: {x.name}")
    print(f"coord 'x' - value (shape): {x.value.shape}")
    print(f"coord 'x' - unit: {x.unit}")
    print(f"coord 'x' - dim: {x.dim}")
    print(f"coord 'x' - label: {x.label}")
    print(f"coord 'x' - metadata: {x.metadata}")


.. parsed-literal::

    coord 'x' - name: x
    coord 'x' - value (shape): (548,)
    coord 'x' - unit: nm
    coord 'x' - dim: 0
    coord 'x' - label: x (nm)
    coord 'x' - metadata: {}
    

.. code:: ipython3

    print(f"coord 'x' - value:")
    print(x.value)


.. parsed-literal::

    coord 'x' - value:
    [  0.           0.5          1.           1.5          2.
    (...)
     390.05544812 394.98800333 400.        ]
    

How to access to the variables?
-------------------------------

Similarly, you can access to the dependent variables in
``datafile.variables``. It will return a dictionary of ``Variables``
objects.

``Variables`` objects contains information about: - name (str) - value
(np.array) - unit (str) - label (str, optional) - metadata (dict, if
there is any)

As for ``Coords``, each information is an attribute. For example, if you
want to get the unit:

.. code:: python

   datafile.variables['Gamma'].unit

There are several methods to access to each coordinates

.. code:: python

   datafile.get_variable(name) # method 1 (recommended)
   datafile.variables[name] # method 2 (recommended)
   datafile[name] # method 3 (recommended)
   datafile.variables[index] # method 4

.. code:: ipython3

    print(f"List of variables in the current datafile")
    print(datafile_1d.variables)


.. parsed-literal::

    List of variables in the current datafile
    DictList([
    (index: 0 - key: 'Gamma' - name: Gamma - unit: eV - shape: (548,)),
    (index: 1 - key: 'HH' - name: HH - unit: eV - shape: (548,)),
    (index: 2 - key: 'electron_Fermi_level' - name: electron_Fermi_level - unit: eV - shape: (548,)),
    (index: 3 - key: 'hole_Fermi_level' - name: hole_Fermi_level - unit: eV - shape: (548,))
    ])
    

.. code:: ipython3

    key = 'Gamma'
    var = datafile_1d.variables[key]
    print(f"variables '{key}' - name: {var.name}")
    print(f"variables '{key}' - value (shape): {var.value.shape}")
    print(f"variables '{key}' - unit: {var.unit}")
    print(f"variables '{key}' - label: {var.label}")
    print(f"variables '{key}' - metadata: {var.metadata}")


.. parsed-literal::

    variables 'Gamma' - name: Gamma
    variables 'Gamma' - value (shape): (548,)
    variables 'Gamma' - unit: eV
    variables 'Gamma' - label: Gamma (eV)
    variables 'Gamma' - metadata: {}
    

.. code:: ipython3

    print(f"variables '{key}' - value:")
    print(var.value)


.. parsed-literal::

    variables 'Gamma' - value:
    [ 0.00000000e+00  0.00000000e+00  3.50000000e-01  6.80662149e-01
      (...)
      1.32439488e-03  1.32558772e-03  1.32631968e-03  1.32656879e-03]
    

Simple plot
-----------

As an example, we are going to plot together the gamma band and the
electron fermi level. In this example, the data corresponds to a
simulation of a GaAs heterostructure.

For this example, we will you ``matplotlib``, but you can use any other
package!

.. code:: ipython3

    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    %matplotlib notebook
    
    fig, ax = plt.subplots(1)
    x = datafile_1d.coords['x']
    gamma = datafile_1d.variables['Gamma']
    efermi = datafile_1d.variables['electron_Fermi_level']
    
    ax.plot(x.value,gamma.value,label=gamma.name)
    ax.plot(x.value,efermi.value, label=efermi.name)
    
    ax.set_xlabel(x.label)
    ax.set_ylabel(gamma.label)
    ax.legend()
    fig.tight_layout()

.. raw:: html

    <img src="data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAoAAAAHgCAYAAAA10dzkAAAgAElEQVR4nOzdeVxVdeL/8QuGqJAzZdMyWh/UEjSriSZrWqRmMtsbv03b/DSsaUqs1KZpDi6FKWZaappkai6pGZa7HxVXBAURFcXlyr6IiAsqyL7d9++PC1euXJDynHPPhffz8Th/cO65n88HZubha+655xwTiIiIiKhVMTl7AURERESkLwYgERERUSvDACQiIiJqZRiARERERK0MA5CIiIiolWEAEhEREbUyDEAiIiKiVoYBSERERNTKMACJiIiIWhkGIBEREVErwwAkIiIiamUYgEREREStDAOQiIiIqJVhAAKoqalBTk4OCgoKUFhYyI0bN27cuHHjZuitoKAAOTk5qKmp+U3twwAEkJOTA5PJxI0bN27cuHHj5lJbTk7Ob2ofBiCAgoIC2x/R2UXPjRs3bty4ceN2pa3uw6uCgoLf1D4MQACFhYUwmUwoLCx09lKIiIiIruhq24UBCAYgERERuZYWGYBhYWHw8fGBp6cn/P39ER0d3eixgYGBDs+J9+rVq9nzMQCJiIjIlbS4AAwPD4eHhwfmzp0Ls9mM4cOHw8vLC9nZ2Q6PLygoQF5enm3LycnB9ddfj5CQkGbPyQAkIiIiV9LiArBPnz4YMmSI3T4/Pz8EBwc36/2rVq2Cm5sbsrKymj0nA5CIyNhqampQVlbGjVur2aqrq5v830SLCsCKigq0adMGK1eutNs/bNgw9O3bt1ljPPfcc+jXr9+vmpcBSERkXBUVFUhKSoLZbObGrVVtJ0+ehMVicfi/ixYVgLm5uTCZTIiJibHbP2HCBPTo0eOK7z958iTatGmDZcuWNXlceXm5w0upGYBERMZisViQlZWF1NRUlJSUOP1TGW7c9NhKS0uRn59vi0BHWmQAxsbG2u0PDQ2Fr6/vFd//+eefo1OnTqioqGjyuJCQEIcXjjAAiYiMpbKyEmaz+Tff64zIldVFoKPTwS0qAK/mFLDFYsHtt9+OESNGXHEefgJIROQaysrKYDabUVpa6uylEOmutLQUZrMZZWVlDV5rUQEIWC8CCQoKstvXs2fPK14EEhkZCZPJhMOHD//qOfkdQCIiY6oLQEf/ABK1dE3997/FBWDdbWDmzZsHs9mMESNGwMvLy3ZVb3BwMAYNGtTgfQMHDsQDDzzwm+ZkABIRGRMDkFqzVhWAgPVG0EIItG3bFv7+/oiKirK9FhgYiICAALvjCwoK0L59e8yZM+c3zccAJCIyJlcPwLy8PAwbNgzdu3eHp6cnbrzxRjz88MOYNWsWSkpKnL08MrhWF4B6YwASERmTKwdgeno6br75Zvj5+WHZsmUwm804dOgQli9fjmeeeQZr1qxx9hLJ4BiAGmMAEhEZkysHYP/+/dGlSxcUFxc7fL3u/m5TpkxB79690aFDB3Tp0gVBQUEoKiqyHbdgwQL87ne/w7p169CjRw+0b98eL730EoqLi7Fw4UIIIfD73/8e77//vt3VokIIjB8/HoMGDYKXlxduu+02rF69GmfOnMELL7wALy8v9O7dG3v37rW9Jz8/H6+99ho6d+6M9u3bo3fv3li6dKlGfyG6EgagxhiARETG5KoBmJ+fDzc3N0ycOPGKx06bNg3bt29HRkYGtm3bBl9fX7uLIRcsWAAPDw/069cPCQkJiIqKQqdOnfDkk0/ilVdewdGjR7Fu3Tq0bdsW4eHhtvcJIXD99dfju+++Q0pKCoKCgnDttdfiqaeews8//4zk5GT8/e9/R8+ePW0xeuLECXz55Zc4cOAA0tPTMWPGDLRp0wZxcXHq/5HoihiAGtMzAMurqvH9zgyknLqo+VxERK7u8n8ALRYLSiqqnLI19kQGR+Li4mAymRrc1qxTp07w8vKCl5cX/ve//zl8788//4xOnTrZfl6wYAFMJhPS0tJs+95991106NDB7pPC/v37491337X9LITAwIEDbT/n5eXBZDLhk08+se3bvXs3TCYT8vLyGv1dnnnmGXz00UfN+K1JbQxAjekZgFuOnoJQJAbP36P5XEREru7yfwBLKqogFOmUraSiqtnrrgvAVatW2e1PT09Hamoq+vTpg+HDhwMAtm/fjieeeAJ//OMf4e3tjXbt2sFkMtlOHS9YsAAdOnSwG+fTTz9Fr1697Pa98cYbGDBggO1nIQQmT55s+9liscBkMuHnn3+27cvIyIDJZEJiYiIAoLq6GqGhobjrrrtw/fXXw8vLC9dccw1efvnlZv/upB4GoMb0DMDVB05AKBLPTI/WfC4iIlfnqgF4pVPAAQEBGD58OLKystCuXTuMGDECu3fvRnJyMubNmweTyYQLFy4AuPQdwPpCQkJwzz332O0LDAzEiy++aPtZCIFp06bZHXN5lGZmZsJkMuHAgQMAgEmTJqFTp05YvHgxDh48iNTUVDz77LN245J+GIAa0zMAVyVYA/DhL7ZpPhcRkatz1VPAAPDkk0+ic+fODi8CqQvA5cuX45prrkFNTY3ttfHjxzstAJ977jm89dZbttdramrQo0cPBqCTMAA1pmcArkzIgVAk7gqJ0HwuIiJX56oXgQBAWloabrrpJvj5+SE8PBxmsxlJSUlYvHgxbrrpJvznP//BgQMHYDKZ8PXXXyM9PR2LFi1C586dnRaAI0aMwK233oqYmBiYzWa8/fbb6NixIwPQSRiAGtMzAFfstwagT7BETc2v+3+TREStjSsHIACcPHkS77//Prp27QoPDw94e3ujT58++PLLL203gp46dSpuueUWtG/fHv3798eiRYucFoDnzp3Diy++CG9vb9x4440YM2YM3njjDQagkzAANaZnAC7fl2P7PklBaaXm8xERuTJXD0Ciq8EA1JieAfhLvQA8fo6PASIiagoDkFozBqDGnBWAR3ILNJ+PiMiVMQCpNWMAakzPAPx573FbAMakndV8PiIiV8YApNaMAagxPQNwWb0A3Hi48TuvExERA5BaNwagxnQNwPhLAbhs73HN5yMicmUMQGrNGIAa0zMAw+OzbQE4Nzpd8/mIiFwZA5BaMwagxvQMwJ/2XArAKZuSNJ+PiMiVMQCpNWMAakzPAFxaLwBD1hzRfD4iIlfGAKTWjAGoMT0D8Me4SwE4IvyA5vMREbkyBiC1ZgxAjekZgEvismwB+NaCeM3nIyJyZQxAas0YgBrTMwAX774UgC99G6P5fERErqylBmBkZKTd835JG7/m7+zomctau9L6GIAa0zMAF9ULwH5Td2g+HxGRK2MAOme8qyWEgMlksts6d+6s+zoqKiqQl5cHi8VyxWMZgK2QrgEYm2kLwAcmbNV8PiIiV8YAVHe8iooKVea7EiEExo0bh7y8PNt25syZ3zSWxWJBVVWVyitsiAHYCukZgD/UC0C/MRs1n4+IyJW5cgBaLBZMmjQJXbt2Rbt27XD33Xfjl19+AeD4H/6YmBg8+uijaNeuHbp06YIPPvgAxcXFttfLy8vx8ccfo0uXLmjbti1uv/12fP/998jMzGzwaVtgYCAAICAgAO+99x4+/PBDdOrUCX379gUA7NixA/fffz/atm2Lm2++GYqi2EVWQEAAPvjgA3z88ce47rrrcNNNNyEkJKTZv7sQAtOmTfvVf5f6f5uIiAjcd9998PDwwPbt2xEQEID3338fw4cPx+9//3vceOONmD17NoqLizF48GB4e3ujW7du2LBhQ4Oxfusp4LVr18Lf3x+enp7o2rUrxo4da/s7vfbaa3j11Vftjq+srESnTp0wf/78X/W7MgCdRM8AXBhzKQCFIlFRVaP5nERErqrBP4AWC1BR7JytGacR6xs1ahT8/PwQERGB9PR0LFiwAJ6entixY0eDf/gPHToEb29vTJs2DSkpKYiJicG9996LwYMH28Z75ZVXcOutt2LlypVIT0/H1q1bER4ejurqaqxYsQImkwnJycnIy8tDQUEBAGvIeXt74+OPP0ZSUhKOHTuGEydOoEOHDhg6dCiOHTuGVatW4YYbbrALvICAAHTs2BFjx45FSkoKfvjhB7i5uWHz5s3N+t2bCsCm/i7ApSi6++67sXnzZqSlpSE/Px8BAQG49tprMX78eKSkpGD8+PFwd3fH008/jTlz5iAlJQVBQUHo1KkTSkpK7Mb6LQEYERGBjh07YuHChUhPT8fmzZvh4+ODsWPHAgDWrVuH9u3bo6ioyPaedevWoV27draeaO7vygB0EmcGYH5RueZzEhG5qgb/AFYUAyEdnbNVFDe92HqKi4vRrl07xMbG2u3/17/+hddff73BP/yDBg3CO++8Y3fszp074e7ujrKyMiQnJ8NkMmHLli0O52ssJAICAvCnP/3Jbt+oUaPg6+tr9724sLAweHt7o6amxva+Rx55xO59999/PxRFadbvL4RA27Zt4eXlZdumT59+xb9L/d9l9erVDX6X+muqrq6Gl5cXBg0aZNuXl5cHk8mE3bt3N/l3ceTyAHz00Ufx+eef2x2zePFi3HLLLQCsn/bdcMMNWLRoke31119/HS+//DKAK/93oDnrYwBqTM8AXLArwy4A088UXflNREStlKsGYHx8PEwmk10AeXl5wcPDA3369GnwD3+vXr0aBFOHDh1gMplgNpuxbNkytGnTBpWVlQ7nayoA3377bbt9AwYMsPtkEQAOHjwIk8mE7Oxs2/uGDh1qd8wLL7yAN998s1m/vxACo0ePRmpqqm27cOHCFf8u9X+XEydONPhdLl/TbbfdhsmTJ9t+tlgsMJlMWLNmTZN/F0cuD8AOHTqgXbt2duts164dTCaT7RPGoKAg9O/fH4A1+Dp06GAL11/zuzIAnUTPAJx/WQAeOG6MK7aIiIzIVU8Bx8XFwWQyYceOHXYRlJqaiuPHjzf4h9/Pzw8ffPBBg2NTU1NRUVGBtWvX/uYAHD58uN2+v//97w1C7sCBAzCZTDh+/Hij73vxxRdt3y28ksZOAV/p7/JrfxdH85hMJqxatarJsRy5PADbtWuHSZMmOfzPpO6T0l27dqFNmzY4ffo0lixZguuvv952oc3V/K51GIAa0zMA5+20D8Co5N92VRQRUWvgqheBXLx4EZ6ennanB+u7/B/+f/7zn/jrX//a6HiZmZlwc3Nr9BRwTEwMTCYT8vPz7fY7iqbGTgFfe+21dqeAtQjAK/1dAOME4EMPPYS33nqryfdYLBb4+PhgxowZePrpp/Huu+/aXrua37UOA1Bjegbg95cF4NqDuZrPSUTkqlw1AAFg9OjR6NSpExYuXIi0tDQkJCRg5syZWLhwYYN/+BMTE9G+fXsMHToUBw4cQEpKCtasWYP333/fNt7gwYNx6623YtWqVcjIyEBkZCSWLVsGADhx4gTc3NywcOFCnDlzxnZhgqNoqrsI5L333sOxY8ewevVqhxeBaBGAV/q7AMYJwIiICFxzzTUICQnBkSNHYDabER4ejtGjR9u9b9SoUejVqxeuueYa7Ny5U5XftQ4DUGN6BuDc6HS7AFwSl6X5nERErsqVA9BisWD69Onw9fWFh4cH/vCHP6B///6Iiopy+A9/fHw8+vXrB29vb3h5eeHuu+/GhAkTbK+XlZXhww8/xC233GK7DUzd7UYAYNy4cbj55pvh5uZmdxuYy6MJaN5tYLQKwKb+LoBxAhCwRuBDDz2E9u3bo2PHjujTpw/mzJljd8zRo0dhMpkghGhww+nf+rvWYQBqzJkB+G1kmuZzEhG5KlcOQKKrxQDUmJ4BOCfKPgAnbjim+ZxERK6KAUitGQNQY3oG4OyoNLsAHLnykOZzEhG5Kgag8SxZsqTBrU3qtl69ejl7eY166qmnGl13/VPtRsIA1JieAfjdDvsAfO/H/ZrPSUTkqhiAxnPx4kWHt0ZJTU1FVpZxv9d+4sSJRtd97tw5Zy/PIQagxvQMwFm1Adg12BqAA7+P03xOIiJXxQCk1owBqDE9A/DbSGsA3vPZJghF4oWZuzSfk4jIVdX9A1haWurspRDprrS0lAGoJT0DMCwyFUKR6Dt5O4Qi8fiXkZrPSUTkqiorK2E2m1FQUODspRDpLj8/H2azGdXV1Q1eYwCqQM8AnLndGoAvfLMTQpHwH7dZ8zmJiFyVxWJBVlYWUlNTUVJSgrKyMm7cWvxWWlpqi7+TJ086/N8GA1AFzgjAgd/HQSgSt49a3+DGkUREdElFRQWSkpJgNpu5cWtV28mTJxttBAagCpwRgO/9uN92JXBJRdWV30hE1IrV1NQ4/VMZbtz03Byd9q2vRQZgWFgYfHx84OnpCX9/f0RHRzd5fHl5OUaNGoXbbrsNbdu2Rbdu3TBv3rxmz6dnAH6zLQVCkVCWJ6LbyPUQikReAa9uIyIiouZrcQEYHh4ODw8PzJ07F2azGcOHD4eXlxeys7Mbfc8LL7yABx54AFu2bEFmZib27NmDmJiYZs+pZwDO2GoNwOAVibh33GYIRSL51EXN5yUiIqKWo8UFYJ8+fTBkyBC7fX5+fggODnZ4/MaNG/G73/3uqm7iqGcATrcF4CEE1F4JHJ9pzBtQEhERkTG1qACsqKhAmzZtsHLlSrv9w4YNQ9++fR2+JygoCH/729+gKAr++Mc/4o477sBHH330q+4ZpWcAfr0lxfYIuOdrrwTeaj6l+bxERETUcrSoAMzNzYXJZGpw+nbChAno0aOHw/f0798fnp6eePbZZ7Fnzx6sX78eQgi8+eabjc5TXl6OwsJC25aTk6NbAE7bkmwLwLorgVcm5Gg+LxEREbUcLTIAY2Nj7faHhobC19fX4Xv69euHdu3a2d0kdMWKFXBzc2v0U8CQkBCYTKYGmx4BOHWzNQBHrTyEoUusVwIv2JXR6PGnC8uQlMfvCBIREdElLSoAf8sp4DfeeAPdu3e322c2m2EymZCSkuLwPc78BHBKbQCOXnUIwSsOQSgS07c6XicA9J8Whe4j1+PMxXLN10ZERESuoUUFIGC9CCQoKMhuX8+ePRu9CGT27Nlo3749ioqKbPtWr14Nd3f3Zn8PUM/vAE7ZlAShSIxZdRifbzBDKBLj1x1t9Pi7x1qfGZyQfV7ztREREZFraHEBWHcbmHnz5sFsNmPEiBHw8vJCVlYWACA4OBiDBg2yHV9UVIQuXbrgH//4B44ePYqoqCjccccdePvtt5s9p54B+FVtAH6y+rDtptD//flgo8f3/jQCQpGISj6j+dqIiIjINbS4AASsN4IWQqBt27bw9/dHVFSU7bXAwEAEBATYHX/s2DE88cQTaN++Pbp06YL//Oc/hr0K+MsIawB+uvowFu/OglAk3lm0t9Hje36yEUKRWJeYq/naiIiIyDW0yADUm54BODniGIQiEbLmCNYczIVQJF6bvbvR43uM3gChSCzd0/iNsImIiKh1YQCqQM8AnLTxUgBGJp2GUCSe/rrxR93dMcoagLOj0jRfGxEREbkGBqAK9AzAL2oDcOzaI0jIPg+hSDz8xbZGj697XvCXEUmar42IiIhcAwNQBc4IwM/WHkXamSIIReKukIhGjxeKtH1nkIiIiAhgAKpCzwCcuMEagOPWHcWZi+UQioRPsERNjaXBsTU1FlsAfhh+QPO1ERERkWtgAKpAzwCsf++/8qpqW+AVlFY2OLayusb2+r8Wxmu+NiIiInINDEAV6BqA660BGCqtN3/2HWO9yOP4uZIGx9YPxJe/i23wOhEREbVODEAV6BmAE2oDcMJ6MwDg/tAtEIrE4RMFDY4trbgUgE81caUwERERtS4MQBXoGYCh8qhdAD4xZQeEIhGTdrbBsUXlVbYAfGhi41cKExERUevCAFSBngE4fp01AD+vDcD/+zYGQpHYePhkg2MLSittAdjUlcJERETUujAAVaBnAI6rC8AN1gAcPH8PhCKxLP54g2PPF1fYArBrI1cKExERUevDAFSBngH42VprAE7ccAwAMPynBAhFYm50eoNj84vKbQEoFImLZQ2vFCYiIqLWhwGoAj0DcOzaIxCKxBcbrQH4yerDEIrEV5saPunj9MUyuwDMvVCq+fqIiIjI+BiAKtAzAEPWWANwUm0AfrUpqdEnfeQV2AdgUt5FzddHRERExscAVIEzAnByhDUA50SlQygSIxw86ePEhVK7AIzPPKf5+oiIiMj4GIAq0DMAP6095ftlhPWUb3h8NoQi8eaChk/6OH6uxC4Atx07pfn6iIiIyPgYgCrQMwAv/87fxsMnIRSJl76NaXBs5tliuwBcfeCE5usjIiIi42MAqsAZATilNgBjUs9CKBL9pu5ocGz6mSK7AFwUm6n5+oiIiMj4GIAq0DMAx6yqDcDNyQCAwycKIBSJPhO2NDg29fRFuwCcuT1V8/URERGR8TEAVaBnAI5edQhCkZhaG4B13/PzG7OxwbFJefYBWHfvQCIiImrdGIAq0DMAR620BuC0LdYALCi59Li3iqoau2OP5hbaBeDIlYc0Xx8REREZHwNQBXoG4MjaAPx6SwoAoLrGYgu8s0XldsfWnR6u295fmqD5+oiIiMj4GIAq0DMAg1dYA3D61hTbvt4hERCKRPqZIrtjE3Mu2AVg4Pw9mq+PiIiIjI8BqAJ9AzCxQQA+NHEbhCJx4PgFu2MTss/bBeCAsF2ar4+IiIiMjwGoAj0DUFluDcAZ9QLwqa+jIRSJHcln7I7dl3XOLgCfmNLwVjFERETU+jAAVaBnAP7vF2sAfrPtUgC+OjsWQpFYezDX7tg9GfYB+MCErZqvj4iIiIyPAagCPQPw418ONrin379/2AuhSCyJy7I7NjYtH0KRuGPUBghFoucnDW8VQ0RERK0PA1AFegbgf39uGIAf1e4Li7S/0XPdU0L+HLrF9ilgVXXN5UMSERFRK8MAVIGeAego9satO+rwRs/RKWds3/2rC8DzxRWar5GIiIiMjQGoAj0D8D/LrAH4bWSabd/XW1IgFIngFfY3eo5MOg2hSDwzPRp+YzZCKBLZ+SWar5GIiIiMjQGoAj0D8MNlByAUiVk7LgXggl0ZEIrE0B/32x277dgpCEXiuRk7cX/taeDDJwo0XyMREREZGwNQBc4IwO/qBeCK/TkQisTA7+Psjt181BqAL8zchb/VngaOSTur+RqJiIjI2BiAKtA1AMOtATg76lIAbqkLvW922h0bcSTPdgPov4ftglAkIo7kab5GIiIiMjYGoAr0DMARtQE4Jyrdti8+03q/v8e+jLQ7dsOhkxCKxD9mxWDQvD0QisQv+3I0XyMREREZGwNQBXoG4PCfEiAUibnRlwIwKe8ihCLhP26z3bHrEnMhFIlXvovFez/uh1Ak5u3M0HyNREREZGwMQBXoGYDDHATgyYJSCEWi+8j1sFgstv2rD5yAUCRem70bwSsOQSgSX29JcTQsERERtSIMQBXoGYAfLLUG4Pf1Pskrqaiy3eevpKLKtn9lgvXikP83Nw6frzdDKBLj1x3VfI1ERERkbAxAFegZgO/XBmD9U7kWiwXdR66HUCTyCsps+3/ZZw3AQfP2YOb2VAhF4uNfDmq+RiIiIjI2BqAK9AzAxr7Ld++4zRCKRFLeRdu+ZXuPQygSg+fvwQ+xmRCKxJDF+zRfIxERERkbA1AFegbg0NoAnL/LPgAf+zISQpGIzzxn2/fTnmwIReJfC+PtTgcTERFR68YAVIGuAbjEGoALLgvAF77ZCaFIbDWfsu1bEpcFoUj8+4e92Gq23ivw+cvuFUhEREStDwNQBXoGYNCSfRCKxMKYTLv9A7+Pg1AkVuy/dJ+/RbWnfd9dtA97MhzfK5CIiIhanxYZgGFhYfDx8YGnpyf8/f0RHR3d6LGRkZEwmUwNtmPHjjV7Pj0DcMhiawD+EJtpt7/u1HD9TwZtzwhesh/mk4UQisR94zeDiIiIWrcWF4Dh4eHw8PDA3LlzYTabMXz4cHh5eSE7O9vh8XUBmJycjLy8PNtWXV3d7Dn1DMB3F1kDcNFlAVh3n7/pWy/d52/eTmsAvr80AScuWO8VeMeoDZqvkYiIiIytxQVgnz59MGTIELt9fn5+CA4Odnh8XQBeuHDhN8+pZwC+s2ivNQB3Z9nt/3yD9T5/4+rd529udDqEIjH8pwQUllXa7hVYVtn8uCUiIqKWp0UFYEVFBdq0aYOVK1fa7R82bBj69u3r8D11Aejj44Obb74Zf/3rX7F9+/Ym5ykvL0dhYaFty8nJ0T0AF18WgGGR1vv8/ffnS/f5+25HGoQi8eGyA6ipscAn2BqAZy6Wa75OIiIiMq4WFYC5ubkwmUyIiYmx2z9hwgT06NHD4XuSkpIwZ84c7N+/H7GxsQgKCoKbmxuioqIanSckJMTh9wb1CMB//2ANwCVx9gG4eLf1it93Fu217auLwo9qo7B3SASEIpF2pkjzdRIREZFxtcgAjI2NtdsfGhoKX1/fZo/z3HPP4fnnn2/0dWd+Avh2bQD+GGf/nca1B3MhFIlXZ1/63b/ZlgKhSPzvl0QAwEMTt0EoEgeO//bT3UREROT6WlQA/pZTwI6EhobCz8+v2cfr+R3Afy20BuDSPfYBuCP5DIQi8fTXl654nr7VGoDBKw4BAPpPi4JQJKJTzmi+TiIiIjKuFhWAgPUikKCgILt9PXv2bPQiEEdeeuklPP74480+Xt8AjIdQJH66LAATss9DKBIPTdxm2zd1czKEIjF6lTUAX54VC6FIyMSTmq+TiIiIjKvFBWDdbWDmzZsHs9mMESNGwMvLC1lZ1u/MBQcHY9CgQbbjp02bhlWrViElJQVHjhxBcHAwTCYTVqxY0ew59QzAtxZYAzA83j4A088UQSgSvUMibPu+2pQEoUh8uvqw3Xsvj0ciIiJqXVpcAALWG0ELIdC2bVv4+/vbXdARGBiIgIAA28+TJk1C9+7d0a5dO1x33XV45JFHsH79+l81n54B+GZtxC2LP263/2xROYQi4RMsUVNjAQBM2ngMQpEIWXMEADAi/ACEIjEnKl3zdRIREZFxtcgA1JueAdIWBIIAACAASURBVDh4/h6HAVhRVWO7z19BSSWAhvcG/GT1YQhF4qtNSZqvk4iIiIyLAagCPQMwsC4A9x5v8JrfmI0QisTxcyUAgAnrrQE4Yb0ZADA5wv4TQSIiImqdGIAq0DMA35hnDcCfHQRgnwlbIBSJwycKAADj1h2FUCQmbrA+17j+jaGJiIio9WIAqkDPABxUG4C/7Mtp8NoTU3ZAKBIxqWcBACFrjkAoEpMjrAH4Y1w2hCLxr4V7G7yXiIiIWg8GoAr0DMCB38dBKBLLHQTgS9/GQCgSGw9bb/NS952/KbXf+au7WfQr38U2eC8RERG1HgxAFTgjAFfsbxiAl18hPGrlIQhFYurmZACObxZNRERErQ8DUAV6BuD/m2sNwJUJDQNw+E8Jdrd5CV6RCKFITN+aAgDYX3uz6Ie/2NbgvURERNR6MABV4IwAXJVwosFrn152m5f//WINwJnbUwEAqacvQigSd4/dpPk6iYiIyLgYgCrQMwD/OXc3hCKx+kDDALz8yR8f/XwQQpH4NjINAHC6sAxCkegaLGGxWDRfKxERERkTA1AFegbg63MaD8A5UekQisTwnxIAAB/WPvljdpQ1AEsrqm03iy4qr9J8rURERGRMDEAV6BmAr822BuCag7kNXlsWfxxCkXhzQTwAYFjtdwLnRlu/E2ixWNB95HoIReJkQanmayUiIiJjYgCqQM8AfHV2LIQisdZBAG48fBJCkXjp2xgAwHs/7odQJObtzLAdc++4zRCKRFLeRc3XSkRERMbEAFSBngH4ynfWAFyX2DAAY9LOQigST0zZAQAYusQagAtjMm3H9J28HUKR2Jt5TvO1EhERkTExAFWgZwC+XBuAMvFkg9cOnyiAUCT6TNgCAHh30T4IRWLR7izbMc/OiIZQJLYfO635WomIiMiYGIAq0DUAZ1kDcP2hhgF4/FwJhCLhN2YjAODtH/ZCKBI/xmXbjmnqIhIiIiJqHRiAKtAzAP8xK6bRACworbRd5VtRVYO3ap8MEh5/KQDfWbS3waeCRERE1LowAFWgZwDWPe93g4MArKmxwCfYGoBni8oROH+P9dFwe4/bjqm7N2BYZKrmayUiIiJjYgCqQM8A/L/aANx4uGEAAkDvkAgIRSLtTBEGzbMG4PJ9lx4b99naoxCKxMQNxzRfKxERERkTA1AFegbggLBdtQGY5/D1h7/YBqFIJGSfd/jYuKmbkyEUiVErD2m+ViIiIjImBqAK9AzAv9cGYMQRxwH49NfWq3x3JJ9xeNPoudHWp4V8sDRB87USERGRMTEAVaBnAL440xqAmxoJwLobRa85mOvwljHL9lqfFhI4f4/mayUiIiJjYgCqwBkBuPnoKYev113lu3h3lsMLRuqeFvJ/tU8LISIiotaHAagCPQPwhdoA3NJIAP633lW+AxycLt6Van1aSL+pOzRfKxERERkTA1AFugbgNzshFImtZscBOG6d9SrfzzeYHcbioRzr00IemLBV87USERGRMTEAVaBnAD5fG4DbjjkOwOlbUyAUieAVh/DcjJ0NHvuWebYYQpHo9clGzddKRERExsQAVIGeAego6upbsCsDQpEY+uN+uyuC6+QXldueFlJVXaP5eomIiMh4GIAq0DMAn51hjbrtSY4DcMX+HAhFYuD3ceg/LQpCkYhOuRSAFVU1tgC8UFKh+XqJiIjIeBiAKtAzAJ+Zbg3AyEYCcKv5FIQi8cI3O/HElB0QikRM6lm7Y3zHbIBQJI6fK9F8vURERGQ8DEAV6BmAjk7r1hefeQ5CkXjsy0j89atICEVid3q+3TH3h26BUCSO5BZovl4iIiIyHgagCvQMwKeuEIDJpy5CKBL3jtuMx760BmB85jm7Y+rCMDYt3+EYRERE1LIxAFWgZwDWfa8vqpEAzCsog1Akuo9cj0cnbYdQJPZlnbc75kpPEyEiIqKWjQGoAmcEYP0LO+orqaiyXeRx77jNEIrEgeMX7I4ZNG8PhCKxfF+O5uslIiIi42EAqkDPAHxyqjUAd6acdfi6xWLB7aPWQygSXYOtIZiYYx+AQ3/cD6FIzN+Vofl6iYiIyHgYgCrQMwD7TbVe2bsr1XEAAoB/7Sd/ddvhE/YXewSvSIRQJKZvTdF6uURERGRADEAV6BmAjd3apb66iz/qNvNJ+3V9vt4MoUiEyqNaL5eIiIgMiAGoAqcEYFrjAVj3DOC6LfnURbvXv9lmfVzc/35J1Hq5REREZEAMQBXoGYB/qw3Apm7hMvD7OLsATD1dZPf6wphMCEUiaMk+rZdLREREBsQAVIGeAdjYzZ3rq7vIo25LP2MfgCsTLj0ujoiIiFofBqAK9AzAx2sDMK6JABy58pBdAGblF9u9vuXopcfFERERUevDAFSBrgFYe4HHnoxzjR4zccMxuwC8/Jm/cen5EIrE419GarxaIiIiMiIGoAr0DMDGHu9WX1hkql0A5l4otXvdfLIQQpG4b/wWrZdLREREBtQiAzAsLAw+Pj7w9PSEv78/oqOjm/W+Xbt2oU2bNrjnnnt+1Xx6BmDAZOvj3fY2EYBL4rLsAvBUYZnd6znnSyAUiTtGb9B6uURERGRALS4Aw8PD4eHhgblz58JsNmP48OHw8vJCdnZ2k+8rKChAt27d8OSTTxo6APtOrnu+b+MBuPZgrl0Anr5oH4AFpZW218qrqrVeMhERERmMIQOwvLz8N7+3T58+GDJkiN0+Pz8/BAcHN/m+V199FWPGjEFISIihA/DRSXUBeL7RY3Ykn7ELwPwi+79nTY0FPrWPiTtb9Nv/1kREROSaDBGAERERCAwMRLdu3XDNNdfA3d0d3t7e6Nu3L0JDQ5Gbm9uscSoqKtCmTRusXLnSbv+wYcPQt2/fRt83f/58/PnPf0ZVVZXhA/CRSduuGIAHjl+wC8ALJRUNjun9aYTDW8QQERFRy+fUAFy1ahV69OiBm266CW+++SZmzZqFtWvXYsuWLVi2bBk++eQTPPbYY/D09MS7776LM2fONDlebm4uTCYTYmJi7PZPmDABPXr0cPielJQU3HjjjUhOTgaAZgVgeXk5CgsLbVtOTo5uAfjwF9YA3J/deACmnymyC8DCssoGx/zl860QisTB4xe0XC4REREZkFMD8P7778fatWtRU1PT5HEnTpzAxx9/jK+++qrJ4+oCMDY21m5/aGgofH19GxxfXV2NP//5z5g1a5ZtX3MCMCQkBCaTqcGmRwA+NNEagAlNBGB+UbldABaXVzU4pv+0KAhFIjql6agmIiKilscQp4DV8mtPAV+4cAEmkwlt2rSxbW5ubrZ927ZtcziPMz8BrAvAA018cldRVWMXgGWVDS/0+MesGAhFYv2hk1oul4iIiAzI6QE4fPhwHD58+GqHsenTpw+CgoLs9vXs2dPhRSA1NTU4fPiw3RYUFARfX18cPnwYxcXFDd7jiJ7fAWzuqVu/MRubvNL3zQXxEIpEeHzTV0cTERFRy+P0APT19YW7uzvuv/9+zJ49+6ojqu42MPPmzYPZbMaIESPg5eWFrKwsAEBwcDAGDRrU6PuNfhFIXQAm5jQdgA9M2GoLwKrqhqfYh/+UAKFIzIlK12qpREREZFBOD0DAegPmt956C9deey28vLwwaNAgREVF/ebxwsLCIIRA27Zt4e/vbzdWYGAgAgICGn2v0QPwwdoAPJRT0ORx/abusAWgxWJp8PqYVYchFIkpm5K0WioREREZlCECsE5JSQnmz5+PRx99FG5ubrj99tsxceLEZt8Gxln0DMC6T/YOn2g6AF/61vodP59g6fD1SRutzwsOWXNEi2USERGRgRkqAOtLS0vDqFGjcN1118HDw0OraVShZwD2mbClWQH4Vu13/LqPXO/w9Vk70iAUiQ+XHdBimURERGRghgzA4uJizJs3Dw8//DDc3Nzg5+enxTSq0TMA7w+1BuCR3KYDcET4Aevzfkc5ft5v3fOC3/5hrxbLJCIiIgMzVABGRUVh8ODB8Pb2hre3N958803s2rVLzSk0oWcA/rk2AI/mNj3Xp6ut3/HzHeM4ANfUPi/41dmxDl8nIiKilsvpAZiTk4PQ0FDcfvvtcHNzw4MPPoi5c+eiqMh1HlGmZwDeN94agOaTTc81ZVMShCLR65ONDl+PTDoNoUg8/XW0FsskIiIiA3N6ALZp0wY33ngjPvroI5jN5qsdzin0DcDNEIrEsbym55obnQ6hSPQOiXD4+r6s8xCKxCOTHN/smoiIiFoupwfgihUrUFXV8FFlrkTPAPQfZw3ApLyLTR63LP44hCJxz2ebHL6ecupik68TERFRy+X0AKwvLS0No0ePxmuvvYbTp08DADZu3IgjR4x9qxI9A/DeZgbgxsN5EIrEveM2O3z9VGEZhCLRbeR6h/cJJCIiopbLMAG4Y8cOtG/fHk888QTatm2L9HTrEyomTZqEl156Sa1pNKFnAP7ps00QikTyqaYDMCbtLIQicd/4LQ5fL6most0ourjctT+BJSIiol/HMAH44IMPYsqUKQAAb29vWwDGx8fjj3/8o1rTaELPALynNgBTrhCA6WeKIBSJx7+KdPi6xWJBt5HrIRSJvIIyDVZKRERERmWYAPTy8kJGRgYA+wDMzMyEp6enWtNoQs8AvHusNQBTTzcdgACwMiEHCdnnG329uZ8mEhERUctimADs3LkzYmJiANgH4MqVK9GtWze1ptGEngF4V0hEbQBe/W1yHp20HUKR2Jd1ToWVERERkaswTAB+/PHHeOSRR5CXl4drr70Wqamp2LVrF7p164axY8eqNY0m9AzA3rUBmHbm6gPw2RnREIrE9qTTKqyMiIiIXIVhArCyshL//Oc/4e7uDjc3N3h4eMDd3R0DBw5EdXW1WtNowhkBmK5CAL42ezeEIrH6wAkVVkZERESuwjABWCc9PR2//PILli1bhpSUFLWH14SuAfipNQAzzhZf9Vj//mEvhCKxeHeWCisjIiIiV2G4AHRFegbgnbUBmKlCAH7080EIReLbyDQVVkZERESuwqkBOHHiRJSUlDTr2Li4OEgpr2Y6zegZgL0+2QihSGTlX30Ajl17BEKR+GLjMRVWRkRERK7CqQE4aNAgdOrUCUOGDMGGDRtw5swZ22tVVVVITExEWFgY/vKXv8DHxwfR0dFXM51m9AzAnrUBmJ3fvHBuypTNyRCKxOhVh1RYGREREbkKp58CTkxMxDvvvIPrrrsO7u7u8PDwgLe3N9zd3eHu7o777rsPs2fPRnl5+dVOpRk9A9BvjDUAj5+7+gCcG50OoUgM+ylBhZURERGRq3B6ANaxWCw4ePAgVq9ejZ9++glbtmzB2bNn1RpeU3oGoO+YDaoF4LL44xCKxOD5e1RYGREREbkKwwSgK9MzAHuMtgZgzvmrD8ANh05CKBIvfRujwsqIiIjIVTAAVaBnAN5RG4AnLpRe9Vi7Us9CKBJPTo1SYWVERETkKhiAKtA1AEepF4CJORcgFIkHP9+qwsqIiIjIVTAAVaBnAN4+aj2EIpGrQgBmnC2GUCTu/DRChZURERGRq2AAqkDPAOw+0hqAJwuuPgDzi8ohFAmhSFTXWFRYHREREbkCBqAK9AzAbrUBmFdQdtVjVVTV2AKwoKRShdURERGRKzBUAMbHx+Pjjz/Gq6++igEDBthtRqZnAHYNtgbbqcKrD0Dg0lXFatxWhoiIiFyDYQLwp59+goeHB5599lm0bdsWzz33HHx9ffG73/0OgwcPVmsaTTgjAE+rFIB/Dt0CoUgczdV+7URERGQMhgnAu+66CzNnzgQAeHt7Iz09HRaLBf/+97/x6aefqjWNJvQMQJ+6ALyoTgA+/lUkhCKxOz1flfGIiIjI+AwTgB06dEBmZiYAoFOnTjh0yPp8WrPZjJtvvlmtaTShZwDWfWfvzEV1Ho33wsxdEIrE5qOnVBmPiIiIjM8wAdilSxdb9N19991YunQpACA2NhYdO3ZUaxpNOCMAzxapE4ADv4+DUCRW7M9RZTwiIiIyPsME4Ouvv44pU6YAAEJDQ/GHP/wBb7/9NoQQvAiklsVisQVgvkoBOHTJfghFYsGuDFXGIyIiIuMzTACeO3cOubm5AICamhpMmjQJzz//PD788EOcP39erWk0oVcA1tRcCsBzxRWqjKksT4RQJGZsTVFlPCIiIjI+wwSgK9MrAKvrBeB5lQJwwnozhCIRKo+qMh4REREZn+EC8PTp0zh8+DASExPtNiPTKwCrqi/duPlCiToBOGNrCoQioSw39t+YiIiI1GOYANy3bx/uvPNOuLu7w83NzW5zd3dXaxpN6BWAldXqP7ljwa4MCEVi6JL9qoxHRERExmeYALzrrrswYMAAxMXFITMzE1lZWXabkekVgHaPbitVJwBX7M+BUCQGfh+nynhERERkfIYJQG9vb6Smpqo1nK70CsDyqmrVA3Dz0VMQisQLM3epMh4REREZn2EC8MUXX8Ty5cvVGk5XegVgWeWlACwsUycAd6fnQygSj38Vqcp4REREZHyGCcCzZ8/imWeewdixY7F8+XKsWbPGbjMyZwTgRZUC8GhuIYQicd/4LaqMR0RERMZnmABcs2YNOnbs2OACEF4EcklpxaUALCqvUmXM4+dKIBSJHqM3qDIeERERGZ9hAlAIgffeew+nTrneM2mdEYDFKgVgQUmlbczyqmpVxiQiIiJjM0wAent7Iy0tTZWxwsLC4OPjA09PT/j7+yM6OrrRY3fu3ImHHnoI119/Pdq1awdfX19MnTr1V82nVwCWVFTZYq2kQp0ArH9zabWeL0xERETGZpgAfOONNzB37tyrHic8PBweHh6YO3cuzGYzhg8fDi8vL2RnZzs8PiEhAUuXLsWRI0eQmZmJxYsXo0OHDpg9e3az59QrAIvLLwVgaYV6n9bd+WkEhCKRcbZYtTGJiIjIuAwTgKGhobjhhhsQGBiIr776CtOnT7fbmqtPnz4YMmSI3T4/Pz8EBwc3e4wBAwZg4MCBzT5erwAsqheAZZXqBeBfPt8KoUgk5lxQbUwiIiIyLsMEoI+PT6Nb165dmzVGRUUF2rRpg5UrV9rtHzZsGPr27dusMRISEnDTTTc1+WlkeXk5CgsLbVtOTo4uAXixrFKTAHxyahSEIrEz5axqYxIREZFxGSYA1ZCbmwuTyYSYmBi7/RMmTECPHj2afG/nzp3Rtm1buLu7Y9y4cU0eGxISApPJ1GDTOgALy7S5YOOlb2MgFIkNh06qNiYREREZV4sMwNjYWLv9oaGh8PX1bfK9GRkZOHToEObMmYPrr78eS5cubfRYZ30CWFB6KQArqmpUG/fNBfEQisSy+OOqjUlERETGZZgAtFgs+PnnnxEUFISXXnoJAwYMsNuaQ41TwAAwfvz4K35iWJ9e3wGsf8uWymr1AnDYTwkQisTc6HTVxiQiIiLjMkwAfvDBB/D09MRTTz2FwMBADB482G5rrj59+iAoKMhuX8+ePX/VRSDjxo2DEKLZx+sVgBdKKmwBWKViAI5edQhCkZiyOVm1MYmIiMi4DBOA1113HdavX3/V49TdBmbevHkwm80YMWIEvLy8kJWVBQAIDg7GoEGDbMfPnDkTa9euRUpKClJSUjB//nx07NgRo0ePbvacegXg+eJLAVhdY1Ft3Ekbj0EoEmPXHlFtTCIiIjIuwwSgj48Pjh07pspYYWFhEEKgbdu28Pf3R1RUlO21wMBABAQE2H6eMWMG7rzzTnTo0AEdO3bEvffei2+//RY1Nc3/hE2vADynUQB+G5kGoUj8Z9lB1cYkIiIi4zJMAC5cuBCvvfYaSktL1RpSN3oFYH5RuS0Aa1QMwMW7syAUiX//sFe1MYmIiMi4DBOAJSUl6N+/P7y9vdG7d2/ce++9dpuR6RWAZ+sFoMWiXgCuOZgLoUi8Nnu3amMSERGRcRkmAF9++WXccMMNGDJkCEJCQjB27Fi7zcj0CsAzFy8FoJq2J52GUCSemd74M5OJiIio5TBMAHbo0AE7d+5UazhduXoA7ss6B6FIPDppu6rjEhERkTEZJgB9fX2RmJio1nC60isAT18sg1AkfILVDcCUUxchFIk/fbZJ1XGJiIjImAwTgFJK9O/fH5mZmWoNqRvdArDQGoBdVQ7AvALruN1Grlf1u4VERERkTIYJwN///ve2Z/F6e3vjuuuus9uMTK8APFV4KdTUVFxeZTu1XFJRperYREREZDyGCcCFCxc2uRmZXgFY90ldd5UD0GKxoNvI9RCKxKnCMlXHJiIiIuMxTAC6Mr0C8GRBKYQicfsodQMQAO75bBOEIpFy6qLqYxMREZGxGDIAS0tLUVhYaLcZmV4BmHvBGoB3jNqg+tiPTNoGoUjsyzqv+thERERkLIYJwOLiYrz33nv4wx/+AHd39wabkekVgCfqAnC0+gH4zPRoCEUiMum06mMTERGRsRgmAIcOHYqePXvil19+Qfv27TF//nyMHz8eXbp0wZIlS9SaRhN6BWDO+RIIRaKHBgH46uxYCEVizcFc1ccmIiIiYzFMAN56662IjIwEAFx77bVITU0FACxatAhPP/20WtNoQq8APH7OGoC+Y9QPwLd/2AuhSCyJy1J9bCIiIjIWwwSgl5cXsrKs8dG5c2fs2bMHAJCRkQEvLy+1ptGE3gHoN2aj6mP/Z9lBCEVi1o401ccmIiIiYzFMAN51113YsWMHAKBfv3746KOPAADTp09H586d1ZpGE3oFYHa+dgEYsuYIhCIxaeMx1ccmIiIiYzFMAE6dOhXTp08HAGzfvh3t27e33Rj666+/VmsaTegVgFn5xRCKRM9P1A/AKZuSIBSJMasOqz42ERERGYthAvBy2dnZWLFiBQ4ePKjVFKrRKwAzz1oDsJcGATg3Oh1CkRj2U4LqYxMREZGxGDYAXYneAXjnpxGqjx0enw2hSLy5IF71sYmIiMhYnB6ApaWlWLdune3n4OBgfPjhh7btv//9L8rKjP14Mr0CMKM2AHtrEIDrD52EUCT+MStG9bGJiIjIWJwegN999x2ee+4528/e3t544IEH8Nhjj+Gxxx7DzTffjKlTp17tNJrSKwDTzxRZAzBE/QDcmXIWQpF4cmqU6mMTERGRsTg9AB999FGsXLnS9rO3tzfS09NtPy9evBgPPvjg1U6jKb0CMK02AO/SIAAPHr8AoUj85fOtqo9NRERExuL0ALzppptw5MgR28833HADMjMzbT8nJyejY8eOVzuNpvQKwNTT1gC8e+wm1ce2fbqowellIiIiMhanB2C7du2QlJTU6OvHjh2Dp6fn1U6jKf0C8CKEInHPZ+oH4NmicghFQigS1TUW1ccnIiIi43B6AN5+++1Yvnx5o68vW7YM3bt3v9ppNKVXAKacsgbgnzQIwPKqalsAFpRWqj4+ERERGYfTA3DYsGHo1auXwyt9S0tL0atXLwwbNuxqp9GUXgGYXBuA947brMn4d4zeAKFI5Jwv0WR8IiIiMganB+CpU6dw880347bbbsPkyZOxevVqrFmzBpMmTcKtt96KW265BadOnbraaTSlVwAm5VkD0F+jALxv/BYIReJorra/BxERETmX0wMQADIyMtC/f3+4u7vDzc0Nbm5ucHd3R//+/e2uCDYqvQLwWF4hhCJx33htAvDxLyMhFIm49HxNxiciIiJjMEQA1jl37hz27NmDPXv24Ny5c2oOrSm9AtB8si4At2gy/gszd0EoEluOGvsTVyIiIro6hgpAV6VXAB7N1TYAB34fB6FIrNifo8n4REREZAwMQBXoFYBHcgsgFIk/h2oTgEFL9kEoEgtjMjUZn4iIiIyBAagCvQLw8AlrAN6vUQAqyxMhFIlvtqVoMj4REREZAwNQBXoHYJ8J2gRgqDwKoUhMWG/WZHyy3m9RWZ6IbyPTnL0UIiJqxRiAKtA7AB+YoM3zeqdvTYFQJIJXJGoyPgGfbzBDKBI9P9no7KUQEVErxgBUgV4BeCjHGoAPfq5NAC7YlQGhSAz9cb8m47d2cen58Am2Pm2lx+gNzl4OERG1YgxAFegVgIk5FyAUib9oFIDL9+VAKBIDv4/TZPzWrLCsEg9N3GZ73N4dDEAiInIiBqAK9ArAg8etAfjQxG2ajL/pSB6EIvHizF2ajN+a/WfZQQhF4p7PNjEAiYjI6RiAKtArAA9oHIC70/MhFIm/fhWpyfit1YZDJyEUia7BEmsP5loDcBQDkIiInIcBqAK9AjAh+zyEIvHwF9oEoNb3GWyNTheW2T71m7TxGE4WlDIAiYjI6RiAKtArAPfXBuAjk7QJwOPnSiAUCd8xjBM1WCwWvDFvD4Qi8cz0aFRU1SCvoAxCkbh91HpnL4+IiFoxBqAK9ArAfVnWAHx00nZNxi8oqbRdpFBRVaPJHK3JothM2xW/KacuAgADkIiIDIEBqAL9AvAchCLRd7I2AVhdY7EFYH5RuSZztBZpZ4rgO2YDhCIxf1eGbf+pQmsAdh/JACQiIudpkQEYFhYGHx8feHp6wt/fH9HR0Y0eu2LFCjzxxBO44YYbcO211+LBBx9ERETEr5pPrwDcm2kNwACNAhAAen2yEUKRyDxbrNkcLV1ldQ2e/2YnhCLx/+bGoabGYnuNAUhEREbQ4gIwPDwcHh4emDt3LsxmM4YPHw4vLy9kZ2c7PH748OGYNGkS4uPjkZKSgpEjR8LDwwMJCQnNnlOvAIyvDcDHvozUbI4HP98KoUgcyinQbI6WbsrmZAhF4u6xm5BXUGb32unaAOzGACQiIidqcQHYp08fDBkyxG6fn58fgoODmz1Gr1698NlnnzX7eL0CcE+G9gHYb+oOCEViV+pZzeZoyfZnn0e3keshFOstXy7HACQiIiNoUQFYUVGBNm3aYOXKlXb7hw0bhr59+zZrjJqaGtx666345ptvGj2mvLwchYWFti0nJ0eXAIyrvU/f4xoG4P99GwOhSGw8ZhqULwAAIABJREFUfFKzOVqq4vIqBEzeDqFIDP/J8SfIpy+W2e4JSERE5CwtKgBzc3NhMpkQExNjt3/ChAno0aNHs8aYPHkyrr/+epw+fbrRY0JCQmAymRpsugWghjdqHjzfetuSZXuPazZHSxW84pDtWc0FpZUOj2EAEhGREbTIAIyNjbXbHxoaCl9f3yu+f+nSpejQoQO2bGn6RsjO+gRQjyd1fLA0AUKRmBudrtkcLdFW8ynbFdQxTZw+rwtAHwYgERE5UYsKwKs5BRweHo727dtDyl//D7Ne3wGMTbMG4N+m7NBsjlErrZ9iTd2crNkcLc3ZonLcN34zhCIxft3RJo89c7GcAUhERE7XogIQsF4EEhQUZLevZ8+eTV4EsnTpUrRr1w6rVq36TXPqFYAxaWchFIknNAzALzYeg1AkPlvbdMiQlcViwds/7IVQJJ6cGoWyyuomj68LQKEwAImIyHlaXADW3QZm3rx5MJvNGDFiBLy8vJCVlQUACA4OxqBBg2zHL126FNdccw3CwsKQl5dn2woKmn8bFN0CMNUagP2maheAYZGpEIrERz8f1GyOliQ8Ptv2ZI+juVf+z/9sEQOQiIicr8UFIGC9EbQQAm3btoW/vz+ioqJsrwUGBiIgIMD2c0BAgMMLOgIDA5s9n14BuKs2AJ+cGnXlg3+jRbuzIBSJdxbt1WyOliIrvxg9a2+cPWtHWrPewwAkIiIjaJEBqDe9AnBnijUA+0/TLgBXHzgBoUi8Nnu3ZnO0BFXVNbZb5rz8XSyq6z3toyn5DEAiIjIABqAK9ArA6JQzmgfg9mOnIRSJZ2c0/vg8AmZut54qv/PTCBw/V9Ls9zEAiYjICBiAKtArAKOSrQH41NfaxVnd84b7avi8YVd3KKcA3Wuf9rF8X86veu+54gpbAFoszfvUkIiISG0MQBXoFYA7agPwaQ0DMPnURQhF4k+fbdJsDldWVlmNv34VCaFIDFm871dHHAOQiIiMgAGoAr0CMDLJenr2menaBeDJglIIRaL7yPUMFAdC1hyBUCTuD92C88UVv/r95+sFYE0zvzdIRESkNgagCvQKwO1J2n8/r6i8yhYopRVN39Outak7BS8Uicikxh8V2BQGIBERGQEDUAW6BaAOF2hYLBZ0DbYGyqnCMs3mcTUXSirQZ8IWCEXik9WHr2qcugBs7pXDREREamMAqkCvANx2zPq82edm7NR0nrvHboJQJFJPX9R0HldhsVgw9Mf9EIrE419FXtUnowxAIiIyAgagCvQOwOe/0TYAH/5iG4QisT/7vKbzuIpVCSds34tMzLlwVWMVlFTaArCqukalFRIREf06DEAV6BWAW83WAHxB4wB8+uvoq/qeW0ty4kIpeodEQCgS07emXPV4DEAiIjICBqAK9ArALUdrA3DmLk3neeW7WAhFYu3BXE3nMbqaGgtenW39W/w9bJcqwVZQeikAKxmARETkJAxAFegVgJtrA/BFjQPw7R/2QigSP8ZlazqP0c2JSodQJPzGbETm2WJVxmQAEhGRETAAVaBXAG46kmf7NEpLHy47AKFIzNqRpuk8RnYsrxB3jNqgeggXll0KwIoqBiARETkHA1AFegVgRG0ADtA4AOtudvzFxmOazmNU5VXV6D8tCkKReGtBvKo3xGYAEhGRETAAVaBXAG48bA3A//s2RtN5vt6SAqFIjFx5SNN5jOrz9WYIRcJ/3GacuViu6tj1A7C8ijfaJiIi52AAqkC/ADwJoUi8pHEALozJhFAkgpbs03QeI9qdng+f2hthbzqSp/r4FxmARERkAAxAFegVgBsOWQPwH7O0DcDVB6z3vXt9zm5N5zGawrJKPDTReg/E//2SqMkc9QOwrJIBSEREzsEAVIFeAbi+NgBfnhWr6TyRtc8cfvpr7R45Z0Qfhlsvfnl00nYUlVdpMkf9Zy0zAImIyFkYgCrQKwBlYm0AfqdtAB44fgFCkXho4jZN5zGSur9t12CJfVnnNJuHAUhEREbAAFSBXgG4LjEXQpF4ReMAzMovhlAken6yUdN5jOJUYRnu+cz6/OMvI5I0nauYAUhERAbAAFSBXgG49qA1AF+drW0A1n9cWUu/UMFisWDg93EQisSzM6I1vzVL/QAsrWjZf1siIjIuBqAK9ArANToFYE2NxXYl7OmLZZrO5Wx1Vzz3GL0Bqacvaj5fSQUDkIiInI8BqAK9ArDu6tzXZmt/dW7dKdGUU9pHkbOkni5Cj9HWp30s2JWhy5z1A7CkQpsLTYiIiK6EAagCvQNQj9uzPPZlJIQisSdDuwsinKmyugbPzdgJoUgM/D4ONTXqPe2jKaUV1QxAIiJyOgagCvQOwH/O1T4AX5y5S7ObIRvBV5uSIBSJu8duQl6Bfqe56wdgsUa3miEiIroSBqAK9ArAVQnWAPx/c+M0nQcAAufvgVAklu09rvlcetuXdR5da7/jKBNP6jp3WSUDkIiInI8BqAK9AnBlQo7tlKXWhv+UAKFIzIlK13wuPRWXV6Hv5O0QisSI8AO6z18/ALW62TQREdGVMABVoFcArtivXwCGrDkCoUhM2nhM87n0FLwiEUKR+MvnW1FQWqn7/AxAIiIyAgagCvQKwOX7rAE4aN4eTecBgGlbkiEUiZErD2k+l142Hz0FoUj4BEvEpuU7ZQ0MQCIiMgIGoAr0CsBfagPwDR0CcMGuDAhFYuiS/ZrPpYezReXwH7cZQpEIlUedto7yqksBeLFM/08giYiIAAagKvQKwJ/3HodQJALnax+AdRec6HHLGa1ZLBb8a2E8hCLRf1qUU59uwgAkIiIjYACqQK8AXFYbgIN1CMDIpNO2YHJ1P+3JhlAk7hi1AeaT2v5ndCUVVTW2ACxkABIRkZMwAFWgWwDGWwPwzQXxms4DAIdyCiAUiftDt2g+l5Yyzxaj5ycbIRSJ2VFpzl4OA5CIiAyBAagCvQIwPN76SdZbOgTgiQulEIrE7aPWw2LR5ykZaquqrsGAMOsNrV/5LhbVOj3toymV1ZcC0BlXIRMREQEMQFXoFYB1pzL/tVD7AKx/taqrhsqMrSkQikTvTyP+f3t3Hh1Fmeh9vDQGlMgwwwwi6rHiQggXFIkOo45Djrt3RJl35uXldQbMPR4GAsNNcBkrgBARgrigDsoyAiIiEpBNqIQlQBZICIskZGmW7Gmy73snJP27f3S6Lg1JSEJ1Vbrr9znn+YNKddfzWIzzNdVdBXNlg97TAcAAJCKivoEBqAKtAvAHJQBPOfU4dvZLp9ll9ZocT01nzVV4YG4EREnGjp/Nek9H4RCADQxAIiLSBwNQBVoF4OZEbQPw98sOQ5RknM6t0OR4amlsbsXTn0Yrt7HpS5ewLzMAiYioD2AAqkDrAJy2UZsAfPXLoxAlGQfTizU5nloW7k5VvsBSWd+s93QcXBmAVQ19a25ERGQcDEAVaBWA3yfmQpRk/F2jAPyvb05AlGSEn8zT5HhqiLlQqgRWzIVSvadzjdY2KwOQiIh0xwBUgVYBuOm4LQCnf6dNAL61NRmiJGNldIYmx7tRlfXN+O2SKIiSjIW7U/WeToeuDMC+9ttJIiIyDgagCrQKwO/aA3DGd6edehy7sAgTREnG4r36PTqtu6xWK2Z+fxqiJOOZT6PR2Kzf0z660sYAJCKiPsAtA3DlypXw9vZG//794efnh7i4uE73LSwsxGuvvQYfHx/cdNNNCA4O7vHxNAvAhByIkozATdoE4OqYTIiSjDfDkzQ53o3Y8bPtOckPzI1Airla7+l06soArGAAEhGRTtwuAMPDw+Hp6Ym1a9fCZDIhODgYXl5eyMvr+HNsOTk5CAoKwsaNG/HII4/06QDc2B6AM7/XJgDtj557fb3zHz13I8yVDRi9cD9EScaXhy/qPZ0uWa0MQCIi0p/bBeC4ceMQGBjosM3X1xchISHXfa2/v3+fDsBv43OUW5to4ZCpGKIkY8KKo5ocrzda26z4f2sSIEoy/s/KY7jc2qb3lLp0ZQCW11n0ng4RERmUWwVgc3MzPDw8sHPnToftQUFBGD9+/HVf39cDcMOxbFsAbtYmAM/kVUKUZDz54WFNjtcb/461XaYeuWAfcstd44bVDEAiItKbWwVgQUEBBEFAfHy8w/awsDD4+Phc9/XdDUCLxYKamhplmM1mTQLwm/YA/IdGAZhX3gBRkjHivUhNjtdTpsIaDJ8XCVGSseWE69yqxh6AZQxAIiLSiVsGYEJCgsP2JUuWYMSIEdd9fXcDMDQ0FIIgXDOcHYDrj9oCcPYPZ5x6HLt6y2UlVuotlzU5Znc1tbTixc9jlSej9KWnfVwPA5CIiPTmVgGo1SVgvX4DuK49AP9bowAE/vd5wDl97HnAS+R0iJIMvw8OulxI2QOwtNa15k1ERO7DrQIQsH0JZObMmQ7bRo4c6RZfAlkblwVRkhG0RbsA9P/4CERJxonsvvM84PjMMniH2CIqysUeUwdAmTsDkIiI9OJ2AWi/Dcz69ethMpkwZ84ceHl5ITc3FwAQEhKCqVOnOrwmKSkJSUlJePTRR/HXv/4VSUlJSE/v/s2PtQ7AYA0D8P+ujocoyZDPFmp2zK5UN7bgiaWHIEoyQnac1Xs6vWIPwJLaJr2nQkREBuV2AQjYbgQtiiL69esHPz8/xMbGKj8LCAiAv7+/w/4dfZ5PFMVuH0+rAPw6VvsAnPX9zxAlGd8cy9bsmF2ZE54EUZIx/uMjfe5zid11HwOQiIh05pYBqDWtA3COhk/mCP0pDaIk46N95zQ7Zmf2ni2AKMm4L0TG6dxKvafTa0oA1jAAiYhIHwxAFWgVgPZ73mn5aLavjmRAlGS8vS1Zs2N2pKi6CQ+/fwCiJOPTA+d1ncuNun9uBAOQiIh0xQBUgVYBuMb+bN6t2gXgtvbHwU3V8XFwbW1WTFmXqDyVpKWPP+3jeuwBWMwAJCIinTAAVaBVAK5uD8C3tmr327jo8yUQJRkvfRGn2TGvZn8Cyoj3IpFRUqfbPNTCACQiIr0xAFWgVQCuis7U/HJsekENREnGo4sPanbMK2WU1MJnvu1pHxsTcnSZg9oeYAASEZHOGIAq0CoAV0bbPo/3joYBWFprgSjJ8A6RcVnjS6/Nl9vw8oo45RK0Kz3toyv2ACyqZgASEZE+GIAq0CoA7V/I+OeP2gVga5tVt0uWn+w/D1GSMWbRAbf6bdmD8xiARESkLwagCrQOwHd/1PYGyL9dEgVRkpF6qVqzY57OrVBulxKR0jduQq0WewAWVjfqPRUiIjIoBqAKtArALw9fhCjJkLZrG4D2y7CHTNo8dq3Ochl/+OiI5t941srweZEMQCIi0hUDUAVaBeCKQxd1eQTatI2nIEoyvjueq8nx3v3xLERJxpMfHkZNU4smx9SSPQALqhiARESkDwagCrQKwH8pAZji1ONcTcungRxIK1K+dHI8q9zpx9PD8PkMQCIi0hcDUAVaBeAXUbYAnLtT2wC0P4HE2c8gLq21wO+DgxAlGUsjTE49lp7sAXiJAUhERDphAKpAqwD8POoCREnGPI0DcE+y7Rm8k1YnOO0YVqsVb2w4CVGS8eLnsbBcbnXasfTmwwAkIiKdMQBVoFUAfnbQFoDzd2kbgKdzK5XP5DnL5sQ8iJKM4fMica7Iuf8c9WYPQHNlg95TISIig2IAqsDdA7CougmiJOP+uRFobVP/Zsw5ZfXwfW8fREnG17FZqr9/XzPiPQYgERHpiwGoAq0CcHl7AL63K9Wpx7laa5tVeXqF2rcuudzaholfHYMoyfj//z6ONicEZl9jD8D8CgYgERHpgwGoAs0C8IDtyRgLdmsbgADw+2WHIUoyTudWqPq+9m82jw7db5jPxNl/28kAJCIivTAAVaBVAH7aHoALdQjASWsSIEoyfkouUO09k/OrlMfM7TpzSbX37esYgEREpDcGoAq0CkD7s3FDf0pz6nE6Mic8CaIkY3VMpirv19jciqc/iYYoyZi1+WdYre5/6ddu5AIGIBER6YsBqAKtAvDj/ed0C0D7sdX6AsqC3akQJRnjwqJQ1dCsynu6CnsA5pUzAImISB8MQBVoFYAf7bNF2Pt7tA/ArafyIUoypqxLvOH3ij5fAlGSIUoy4i6WqjA71/IfDEAiItIZA1AFWgXgsvYAXLQn3anH6cipnApV7gVYWd+Mx5ZE6fabzL7AHoC55fV6T4WIiAyKAagCrQLww0hbAH6wV/sALKuzKM/obWrp3VM6rFYrAjedhijJeHZ5TK/fx9UxAImISG8MQBVoFYBLI00QJRmLdQhAq9WK0aH7IUoyzhfV9uo9tp82Q5RkPDA3AqmXqlWeoesYtdD2zzGnjAFIRET6YACqQLMAjLAF4BJZ+wAEgFe/PApRkrEvtbDHr82vaFDC56sjGU6YnetgABIRkd4YgCrQKgDD2gMwLMLk1ON0JnjLGYiSjJXRPQu41jYrJq223Ufwz6vicbm1zUkzdA2j2wMwmwFIREQ6YQCqQKsAXCKnQ5RkLNUpAL+Isj21458/JvfodatjMiFKMv5jwT5+8xUMQCIi0h8DUAVaBeDive0BGKlPAP6UXABRkvGXVfHdfk16QQ0enGd72kf4yTwnzs512D9LmVVap/dUiIjIoBiAKjBKAKYX1CjP7W1ru/6TO5paWvH8ZzEQJRnTNp4y1NM+usIAJCIivTEAVaBVAH7QHoAfRp5z6nE609LahuHzI7t9+dIerI8uPoiyOosGM3QND7UHYCYDkIiIdMIAVIFWAbhojy2olu3TJwABYOJXxyBKMnYnXepyv/iMMuVpH4dMxRrNzjUwAImISG8MQBVoFYDv70mDKMn4SMcAtD/Dt6t7EVY3tuDxpYcgSjJCdqjz7GB38vD7BxiARESkKwagCrQKwNCfbAH48X79AnBb+zOBJ61J6HSfoPbbxfh/fAT1lssazs412AMwo4QBSERE+mAAqkDrAPxk/3mnHqcr54tqlVu6tHbwRRD7N4XvnxuBn/MqdZhh3zdmEQOQiIj0xQBUgVYBuLD98uunB/QLwMutbRjZ/izbtALHx7kVVTcpn29bfvCCTjPs+/43AHv3SD0iIqIbxQBUgVYBaP/83XIdAxAA3thwEqIkY1V0prKtrc2Kv61NhCjJePXLo2gx+NM+uvIIA5CIiHTGAFSBVgH43q7UPvHbtY0JOcpj3ey+OZYNUZIx4r1IfrnhOuwBeLGYAUhERPpgAKpAqwCcvysFoiTjM50DsLimCfeFyMr9AC8W18Kn/f6A3yXk6Do3VzD2g4MMQCIi0hUDUAVaBeC8nbYA/DxK/8/X/dc3JyBKMqasS8RLX8RBlGS8vv4En/bRDfYAvMAAJCIinTAAVaBVAM5tD8Avoi469TjdcdZcpdzoWZRkPLLoAEpqmvSelkvwYwASEZHOGIAq0CoAQ3bYAvBfh/QPQADYnJiH0aH78eSHh3nLlx6wB+D5IgYgERHpgwGoAu0C8CxEScaKPhKAAHjJtxceXcwAJCIifbllAK5cuRLe3t7o378//Pz8EBcX1+X+MTEx8PPzQ//+/XHfffdh9erVPTqe1gH45eG+E4DUc/YAPFfk3L8vREREnXG7AAwPD4enpyfWrl0Lk8mE4OBgeHl5IS8vr8P9s7OzMWDAAAQHB8NkMmHt2rXw9PTE9u3bu31MrQJQ2s4AdAcMQCIi0pvbBeC4ceMQGBjosM3X1xchISEd7v/uu+/C19fXYduMGTPw+OOPd/uYmgSg1Yr5WxPhK23HmqgUoLmew0XH7z/YC19pO87lFek+F47uDaulDm1NdbjcWIuWxlo0N9TC0lCDpvoaNNbVoKGuGvW11aitqUJNTRWqq6tQVVWJyspKVFRWoryiAqUVFSipKEdJeTmKy8tRVFaGwtIyFJSW4VJJGczFZcgvKkNeUSlyCkuRXVCCrIISZF4qQYa5GBfNxbiQX4zz+UUw5RYhPbcQaTmFSM0uREp2gW1k2cbZ9pGceQnJmZeQlHkJZzLsw4wzGWb8fNE2TrePUxds4+T5fJw8n48T7SPxXD6On8tzGAntI95kG8dMuThmysXRdNuIax+xaTmIsY9U24hOzUZ0ajaOpNjG4bO2ccg+krNwKDkLUclZOJhkH5k4mJSJA2dsY3/72PezbUT+nIHInzMQcToDcvvYe+qiw9hz0jZ+OnkBP528gN0nbGNXom3s7GLsOH6+w7G9q5HQ+fgx4VynY1t852NrFyP8WOdjyzFTp+OHo70Ycemdjs1djO9jOx+buhjfdTE2xnQ+vu1ibIhO69X45kjHY/2R1E7HusOdj7VdjMNnswEnfszKrQKwubkZHh4e2Llzp8P2oKAgjB8/vsPX/OEPf0BQUJDDtp07d+KWW25BS0tLh6+xWCyoqalRhtlsdnoApuUUAqG/4ODg4ODg4DDKaK53Wle4VQAWFBRAEATEx8c7bA8LC4OPj0+Hrxk+fDjCwsIctsXHx0MQBBQWFnb4mtDQUAiCcM1wZgAmnsvX/y8iBwcHBwcHh3aDAdg99gBMSEhw2L5kyRKMGDGiw9cMHz4cS5cuddh27NgxCIKAoqKiDl+jx28AK+osOHQ2G6cumNHWVKf7JTGO3o+nFtsuAZtynXMJ+HJjLTIvFSPidAbWRKVgwY8nMG1tDF7+dD8eXbALvtJ2VceouTvw6IJdeGLRHjwdJuM/P96HiZ8fxOSvDuH11UcwbW0MZn4Th6CNR/HW9/GQfkjA/K2JCP3xBJbsPIVlu09juXwG/4pMwsoDZ/HvQyn45kgaNsWm44ejJvyYcA47E22X7faeuoiI0xnYfyYTB5NslwqPpGQjJi0Hcem5iDfZLlGeOJ+P0xfNOJNhuwSakl2AtJxCmHKLcCG/GJmXipFVUILcwlKYi22XYAtKy1BUVobiMtsl2pLycpRWVKCsogLlFRWoqKxEVVUlqqtsl3hraqpQV2u79NtQV43GOtslYUtDDZobbJeKW5tsl46tFv5vloODoxeDl4C7R6tLwFfT6ksg5B5+uyQKoiQjraBalferamjGvtQiLNydipdXxGF4+2P5uhoPzI3AY0ui8MJnsZj87wQEbjqNf/6YjPf3pOHTA+exJiYTm47nYnfSJUSlFyMhsxwp5mpklNTBXNmAsjoLapta0NLapsoaiIhIW24VgIDtSyAzZ8502DZy5MguvwQycuRIh22BgYF970sg5DbUCMDqhhZsOZGH174+rjyX+crh+94+TPzqGN7cmoTlB84j/GQejl4sQ1ZpHaobW3j/RiIig3O7ALTfBmb9+vUwmUyYM2cOvLy8kJubCwAICQnB1KlTlf3tt4F58803YTKZsH79+j57GxhyD+PCbAGYeqnnAZhX3oCFu1Ph+94+h+B7dnkM3tuVir1nC5BTVo+2NgYeERF1zu0CELDdCFoURfTr1w9+fn6IjY1VfhYQEAB/f3+H/WNiYjB27Fj069cP3t7effZG0OQeehOAVQ3NCP0pDffPjVCi74XPYrEyOgP5FQ1OnC0REbkjtwxArTEAqSd+F3aoRwG492wBHll0QAm/KesScSyjjJdxiYio1xiAKmAAUk90NwAbm1vx5tYkh9/4Hcso02iWRETkzhiAKmAAUk88vtQWgCnmzgOwqLoJE1YchSjJuC9ExvID5/mNWyIiUg0DUAUMQOqJ6wVgRkmd8lvCsR8cRGJWucYzJCIid8cAVAEDkHriifYAPGuuuuZnGSW1eKz9NjHPLo9BXjm/4EFEROpjAKqAAUg90VkAZpXW4dHFtvh78fNYVNQ36zRDIiJydwxAFTAAqSee/PDwNQFYVmfBUx/Ztv/nF3GoZPwREZETMQBVwACknrAHYHK+LQAbm1sx8atjECUZf/joCMrqLDrPkIiI3B0DUAUMQOqJKwPQarUicNNpiJKMMYsOIKu0Tu/pERGRATAAVcAApJ6wB2BSfhVWRWdClGQMnxeJE9kVek+NiIgMggGoAgYg9YQ9AFdGZ+C+ENtNnjcn5uk9LSIiMhAGoAoYgNQTv19mC0D7c33f3pbMx7oREZGmGIAqYABST9gD0P6N36aWVr2nREREBsMAVAEDkHrCfruXh0L380bPRESkCwagChiA1BOvfX0c94XIiEov1nsqRERkUAxAFTAAqSfqLJf5mz8iItIVA1AFDEAiIiJyJQxAFTAAiYiIyJUwAFXAACQiIiJXwgBUAQOQiIiIXAkDUAUMQCIiInIlDEAVMACJiIjIlTAAVcAAJCIiIlfCAFQBA5CIiIhcCQNQBQxAIiIiciUMQBUwAImIiMiVMABVwAAkIiIiV8IAVAEDkIiIiFwJA1AFDEAiIiJyJQxAFTAAiYiIyJUwAFXAACQiIiJXwgBUAQOQiIiIXAkDUAXV1dUQBAFmsxk1NTUcHBwcHBwcHH16mM1mCIKA6urqXrUPAxBQ/iFycHBwcHBwcLjSMJvNvWofBiCAtrY2mM1mVFdXa1LrRvxNo5HXbvT1G3ntRl+/kddu9PUbee1arb+6uhpmsxltbW29ah8GoIZqaoz7WUMjrx0w9vqNvHbA2Os38toBY6/fyGsHXGP9DEANucJfCGcx8toBY6/fyGsHjL1+I68dMPb6jbx2wDXWzwDUkCv8hXAWI68dMPb6jbx2wNjrN/LaAWOv38hrB1xj/QxADVksFoSGhsJiseg9Fc0Zee2Asddv5LUDxl6/kdcOGHv9Rl474BrrZwASERERGQwDkIiIiMhgGIBEREREBsMAJCIiIjIYBqBGVq5cCW9vb/Tv3x9+fn6Ii4vTe0qqCw0NveYO5UOHDlV+brVaERoaimHDhuHWW2+Fv78/0tLSdJzxjYmNjcWECRMwbNgwCIKAXbt2Ofy8O+u1WCyYPXs2fv3rX2PAgAF45ZVXen1Xdy1db+0BAQHX/F343e9+57CPq6596dKleOyxx3D77bdjyJAhmDhxIs6fP+84b76kAAAKkUlEQVSwjzuf++6s313P/6pVq/DQQw9h4MCBGDhwIB5//HFERkYqP3fn8w5cf/3uet47snTpUgiCgODgYGWbq51/BqAGwsPD4enpibVr18JkMiE4OBheXl7Iy8vTe2qqCg0NxahRo1BUVKSM0tJS5efLli3DwIEDsWPHDqSmpmLy5MkYNmwYamtrdZx170VGRmL+/PnYsWNHhxHUnfUGBgbi7rvvRlRUFM6cOYOnn34aY8aMQWtrq9bL6ZHrrT0gIAAvvfSSw9+FiooKh31cde0vvvgiNmzYgLS0NCQnJ+Pll1/Gvffei/r6emUfdz733Vm/u57/PXv2ICIiAhcuXMCFCxcwb948eHp6Kv8n787nHbj++t31vF/t5MmT8Pb2xsMPP+wQgK52/hmAGhg3bhwCAwMdtvn6+iIkJESnGTlHaGgoxowZ0+HPrFYr7rzzTixbtkzZZrFYMGjQIKxZs0arKTrN1RHUnfVWV1fD09MT4eHhyj4FBQW4+eabsX//fu0mf4M6C8CJEyd2+hp3WTsAlJaWQhAExMbGAjDWuQeuXT9grPP/q1/9CuvWrTPcebezrx8wxnmvq6vD8OHDERUVBX9/fyUAXfH8MwCdrLm5GR4eHti5c6fD9qCgIIwfP16nWTlHaGgoBgwYgGHDhsHb2xuTJ09GVlYWACArKwuCIODMmTMOr3n11Vfx+uuv6zFdVV0dQd1Z7+HDhyEIAiorKx32efjhh7Fw4ULnT1olnQXgoEGDMGTIEAwfPhzTpk1DSUmJ8nN3WTsAZGRkQBAEpKamAjDWuQeuXT9gjPPf2tqKLVu2oF+/fkhPTzfceb96/YAxzvvrr7+OOXPmAIBDALri+WcAOllBQQEEQUB8fLzD9rCwMPj4+Og0K+eIjIzE9u3bkZKSovzX0dChQ1FeXo74+HgIgoCCggKH1/z973/HCy+8oNOM1XN1BHVnvZs3b0a/fv2uea/nn38e06dPd+6EVdRRAIaHh0OWZaSmpmLPnj0YM2YMRo0apdwU1V3WbrVa8corr+Cpp55Sthnp3He0fsC9z39KSgq8vLzg4eGBQYMGISIiAoBxzntn6wfc+7wDwJYtWzBq1Cg0NTUBcAxAVzz/DEAnswdgQkKCw/YlS5ZgxIgROs1KG/X19Rg6dCiWL1+u/I+jsLDQYZ9p06bhxRdf1GmG6uksALtab2f/MnjuuecwY8YM505YRR0F4NUKCwvh6emJHTt2AHCftc+aNQuiKDp8iNtI576j9XfEnc5/c3MzMjIycOrUKYSEhOA3v/kN0tPTDXPeO1t/R9zpvOfn5+OOO+5AcnKysq2jAHSl888AdDIjXQLuyHPPPYfAwEBeAm7Xly8H9FZ3AhAAHnzwQeXzMe6w9tmzZ+Oee+5Bdna2w3ajnPvO1t8Zdzv/ds8++yymT59umPN+Nfv6O+Mu533Xrl0QBAEeHh7KEAQBN910Ezw8PJCZmely558BqIFx48Zh5syZDttGjhzpdl8CuZrFYsHdd9+NRYsWKR+Q/eijj5SfNzc3u/2XQLpar/0DwVu3blX2KSwsdKkPRAPdC8Dy8nL0798fGzduBODaa7darfjHP/6Bu+66CxcvXuzw5+587q+3/o640/m/2jPPPIOAgAC3P++dsa+/I+503mtra5GamuowHnvsMUyZMgWpqakuef4ZgBqw3wZm/fr1MJlMmDNnDry8vJCbm6v31FT19ttvIyYmBtnZ2UhMTMSECRMwcOBAZZ3Lli3DoEGDsHPnTqSmpuK1115z6dvA1NXVISkpCUlJSRAEAZ999hmSkpKU2/t0Z72BgYG45557cOjQIZw5cwbPPPOMS9wSoau119XV4e2330ZCQgJycnIQHR2NJ554AnfffbdbrH3mzJkYNGgQYmJiHG530djYqOzjzuf+eut35/M/d+5cxMXFIScnBykpKZg3bx5uvvlmHDx4EIB7n3eg6/W783nvzJWXgAHXO/8MQI2sXLkSoiiiX79+8PPzc7hlgruw3/PI09MTd911F/785z87fDbEfpPMO++8E/3798f48eMdvjnoaqKjo6+56akgCMp/DXdnvU1NTZg9ezYGDx6M2267DRMmTEB+fr4Oq+mZrtbe2NiIF154AUOGDIGnpyfuvfdeBAQEXLMuV117R+sWBAEbNmxQ9nHnc3+99bvz+X/jjTeUf48PGTIEzz77rBJ/gHufd6Dr9bvzee/M1QHoauefAUhERERkMAxAIiIiIoNhABIREREZDAOQiIiIyGAYgEREREQGwwAkIiIiMhgGIBEREZHBMACJiIiIDIYBSERERGQwDEAiIiIig2EAEhHdoHXr1uH55593+nH27t2LRx55BG1tbU4/FhG5NwYgEdENsFgsuOuuuxAXF6fJ8caOHYtNmzZpciwicl8MQCKiG7B582b4+PhodrwVK1Zg3Lhxmh2PiNwTA5CICEBpaSmGDh2KsLAwZVtiYiI8PT1x4MCBTl/3yiuv4J133nHYFhAQgIkTJ+KTTz7BnXfeicGDB2PWrFloaWlR9hFFEYsXL8bUqVPh5eWFe++9F7t370ZpaSleffVVeHl5YfTo0Th16pTDe+fm5kIQBGRlZam0ciIyIgYgEVG7iIgIeHp64tSpU6irq8ODDz6I4ODgLl/zy1/+EuHh4Q7bAgIC8Itf/AKBgYE4d+4c9u7diwEDBuDrr79W9hFFEYMHD8aaNWtw8eJFzJw5EwMHDsRLL72Ebdu24cKFC/jTn/6EkSNHwmq1Orz/HXfcgW+//Va9hROR4TAAiYiuMGvWLPj4+OBvf/sbRo8ejaampk73raqqgiAI13z+LyAgAKIoorW1Vdk2adIkTJ48WfmzKIqYMmWK8ueioiIIgoAFCxYo244fPw5BEFBUVOTw/mPHjsX777/f6zUSETEAiYiu0NjYiPvvvx+enp44e/Zsl/sWFhZCEAScPHnSYXtAQAD++Mc/OmwLCgrC008/rfxZFEV8/PHHyp+tVisEQcC2bduUbdnZ2RAE4Zp5PPnkk3j33Xd7vDYiIjsGIBHRFdLS0nDrrbfCw8MDe/bs6XLf5uZm3HTTTdd8RtD+GcArBQcHw9/fX/mzKIr4/PPPHfYRBAG7du1S/pyTkwNBEJCUlOSwn6+vLz755JOeLIuIyAEDkIioXXNzM8aMGYOAgAB8+OGHGDJkCIqLi7t8zahRo64JOWcGYFNTEzw9PXHo0KGeLo+ISMEAJCJq984778Db2xs1NTVoa2vD+PHj8fLLL3f5mrfeegt/+ctfHLY5MwCjo6Nx++23o6GhoafLIyJSMACJiGALq1tuuQVHjx5VtuXl5WHQoEFYtWpVp687d+4cbrvtNlRXVyvbnBmA06dPx4wZM3q8PiKiKzEAiYhu0KRJk7B06VKnH6e0tBSDBw9Gdna2049FRO6NAUhEdINyc3OxYsUKpx/nxIkT19xzkIioNxiARERERAbDACQiIiIyGAYgERERkcEwAImIiIgMhgFIREREZDAMQCIiIiKDYQASERERGQwDkIiIiMhgGIBEREREBsMAJCIiIjIYBiARERGRwTAAiYiIiAyGAUhERERkMAxAIiIiIoNhABIREREZzP8AtvfhFmAf72QAAAAASUVORK5CYII=" width="640">


Example of data file from a 2D simulation
-----------------------------------------

By using the same methods, we can access to the coordinates and the
variables of a totally different data file.

Here, the data also corresponds to a GaAs heterostructure, but now we
will plot the gamma band in the x and the y directions.

.. code:: ipython3

    datafile_2d = nn.DataFile(r'..\..\tests\datafiles\nextnano++\bandedges_2d.fld',product='nextnano++')

Now there will be two coordinates: x and y
------------------------------------------

.. code:: ipython3

    print(f"List of coordinates in the current datafile: {datafile_2d.coords}")


.. parsed-literal::

    List of coordinates in the current datafile: DictList([
    (index: 0 - key: 'x' - name: x - unit: nm - shape: (164,) - dim: 0),
    (index: 1 - key: 'y' - name: y - unit: nm - shape: (79,) - dim: 1)
    ])
    

Variables can be accessed by the same method
--------------------------------------------

.. code:: ipython3

    print(f"List of variables in the current datafile: {datafile_2d.variables}")


.. parsed-literal::

    List of variables in the current datafile: DictList([
    (index: 0 - key: 'Gamma' - name: Gamma - unit: eV - shape: (164, 79)),
    (index: 1 - key: 'electron_Fermi_level' - name: electron_Fermi_level - unit: eV - shape: (164, 79))
    ])
    

You can verify that the number of points are correct
----------------------------------------------------

.. code:: ipython3

    print(f"coord 'x' - value (shape): {datafile_2d.coords['x'].value.shape}")
    print(f"coord 'y' - value (shape): {datafile_2d.coords['y'].value.shape}")
    print(f"variables 'Gamma' - value (shape): {datafile_2d.variables['Gamma'].value.shape}")


.. parsed-literal::

    coord 'x' - value (shape): (164,)
    coord 'y' - value (shape): (79,)
    variables 'Gamma' - value (shape): (164, 79)
    

Letâs make a simple color map!
------------------------------

.. code:: ipython3

    x=datafile_2d.coords['x']
    y=datafile_2d.coords['y']
    z=datafile_2d.variables['Gamma']
    
    fig, ax = plt.subplots(1)
    pcolor = ax.pcolormesh(x.value,y.value,z.value.T)
    cbar = fig.colorbar(pcolor)
    cbar.set_label(z.label)
    
    ax.set_xlabel(x.label)
    ax.set_ylabel(y.label)
    
    fig.tight_layout()


.. raw:: html

    <img src="data:image/png;base64,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" width="640">


Please, contact python@nextnano.com for any issue with this example.
